DOC-2012: Added TINY-9701 to the release notes. (#2716)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

The following premium plugin updates were released alongside {productname} 6.5.

> === Advanced Code Editor 3.3.0
> 
> The {productname} 6.5 release includes an accompanying release of the **Advanced Code Editor** premium plugin.
> 
> **Advanced Code Editor** 3.3.0 includes the following improvement.
> 
> === Inline code editor was not properly retaining selected font size.
> //#TINY-9701
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, `font size` changes in the Advanced Code Editor were not preserved when the user exited the inline mode. This caused an inconvenience to users as they had to readjust the `font size` each time they returned to the Advanced Code Editor.
> 
> In {productname} 6.5, a fix has been implemented to address this issue. Now, when users change the `font size` in the Advanced Code Editor and the user navigates away, their selection is remembered.
> 
> As a result, `font size` changes are now preserved when the user opens or closes the Advanced Code Editor, providing a smoother and more user-friendly experience.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Advanced Code Editor 3.3.0

The {productname} 6.5 release includes an accompanying release of the **Advanced Code Editor** premium plugin.

**Advanced Code Editor** 3.3.0 includes the following UX fix.

=== The Code Editor now preserves selected font size.
//#TINY-9701

Previously, font size changes in the Advanced Code Editor were not preserved when the user exited the editor in inline mode.

In **Advanced Code Editor** 3.3.0 a fix has been implemented to address this. Now, when users change the font size in the Advanced Code Editor and the user closes the Code Editor, the font size changes are preserved.

The changed font size setting presents when the Advanced Code Editor is opened again.

For information on the **Advanced Code Editor** plugin, see: xref:advcode.adoc[Advanced Code Editor].
```
1. Edits.
2. Added _for information_ line.
